Sędzia i ring announcerka na KPW Arenie 4 (#2055)
tpwres/teczki-polskiego-wrestlingu: content/e/kpw/2016-11-26-kpw-arena-4.md

  - '[Elliott Jordan](@/w/elliott-jordan.md)'
  - c: '[KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md)'
- credits:
    Ring announcer: 'Karolina Wensierska'
    Referees: '[Krystian Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md), [Karol Górski](@/w/iskra.md)'
{% end %}

> This would be [Damian Lambert's](@/w/damien-rothschild.md) last appearance for KPW. As [Arkadiusz Pawłowski](@/w/pan-pawlowski.md) was unavailable that day, his duties were taken over by [Kaszub's](@/w/kaszub.md) sister, Karol Wensierska.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This would be [Damian Lambert's](@/w/damien-rothschild.md) last appearance for KPW. As [Arkadiusz Pawłowski](@/w/pan-pawlowski.md) was unavailable that day, his duties were taken over by [Kaszub's](@/w/kaszub.md) real-life sister, Karolina Wensierska.
```
